---
title: v25.5.1
url: https://changelog.rss.com/v25-5-1-314836
date: '2025-05-07'
author: ''
feed_url: https://changelog.rss.com/rss
---
Improvement Faster Transcripts, Now in VTT Too Included in all our paid plans at no extra cost, our AI-generated transcripts are now up to 10X faster, and we have added support for the WebVTT (VTT) format, alongside SRT and TXT. Whether you are using transcripts for captions, accessibility, SEO, or all of the above, you now benefit from more flexibility and faster delivery. New Feature Introducing Power-Ups Say hello to Power-Ups: a new way to activate extra podcasting features directly from the Settings Tab in your Dashboard. These optional enhancements include some Podcasting 2.0 features and other powerful capabilities that cater to more advanced or forward-looking use cases. For example, you can now publish an episode in the past, perfect for podcasters who want to batch upload episodes and assign earlier release dates. Power-Ups let us bring new functionality to power users without adding complexity for beginners. Improvement Longer videos YouTube Uploads Upgraded Our Podviz technology transforms your audio episodes into engaging videos with dynamic elements like episode art and chapter visuals, then auto-publishes them to your YouTube podcast channel. We have now increased the maximum video length to up to 3 hours, making it perfect for long-form content such as interviews, discussions, or multi-guest episodes. Just upload your audio as usual and we'll handle the rest. 👀 In case you missed RSS.com is now officially IAB Certified , giving you trustworthy, industry-standard analytics to help grow and monetize your podcast. And with our improved Distribution page and automatic Apple Podcasts submission , it's easier than ever to get your show listed in top directories like Pocket Casts, Fountain, or TrueFans.
