---
title: v25.3.1
url: https://changelog.rss.com/v25-3-1-311065
date: '2025-03-24'
author: ''
feed_url: https://changelog.rss.com/rss
---
New Feature Automatic Apple Podcasts Submission For years, we have made it easy to submit your podcast to Amazon Music and Spotify directly from your RSS.com Dashboard in one simple step. Today, we are taking it a step further: you can now also submit your show to Apple Podcasts just as smoothly. No Apple ID needed. Just one click, and your podcast is live on one of the most popular podcast directories in the world. Your show will be published under our custodial Apple Podcasts account, and if at any point you want to access audience insights directly from Apple Podcasts Connect, you can claim ownership by following a few simple steps . This update makes publishing your podcast across all major platforms easier than ever with RSS.com, covering the vast majority of the podcast listening market. If your show is already live on Apple Podcasts, there is nothing you need to do. But if it is not, go to the Distribution tab in your RSS.com Dashboard and submit it now to reach a wider audience. A New Home for Podcast Reviews Over the years, almost three thousand of our users have reviewed RSS.com, with an average rating of 4.9 out of 5 stars. From platforms like Reviews.io , Trustpilot , Reddit, and G2 , their voices have helped shape our reputation. We have now brought together a curated selection of these reviews on a dedicated page to highlight what our users are saying about us. Because their experience speaks louder than any marketing.
