---
title: v25.8.2
url: https://changelog.rss.com/v25-8-2-321161
date: '2025-08-12'
author: ''
feed_url: https://changelog.rss.com/rss
---
New Feature Support for Spotify Chapters (Podlove) We have expanded chapters support to Podlove Simple Chapters . This means that once you create chapters for your episodes, they will now also be fully displayed on Spotify. This adds extra value to your chapters, which will now be used in four different places: all Podcasting 2.0 supporting apps , the YouTube videos you create using our audio-to-video conversion tool , your podcast's public website on RSS.com, and from today also on Spotify. If you have never created chapters for your episodes, now is a great time to start : with one effort, you will benefit in four different channels. If you are already using chapters, your existing ones will now also appear on Spotify automatically, thanks to Podlove support. Improvement Custom Funding Tag Messages You can now customize the call to action for your Funding tag directly from your Dashboard. Tailor the wording to better inspire your audience to support your show, whether it is "Buy Me a Coffee", "Support the Show", or something uniquely yours. This custom label will appear on your podcast’s public website on RSS.com as well as on all Podcasting 2.0 supporting apps . Improvement Safer Prefix Management Managing podcast prefixes is now easier and safer. From the Settings section of your Dashboard, you can request changes through our Customer Support team, ensuring smooth integration for services like Podtrac, OP3, or Magellan AI without risking downtime for your show. 👀 In case you missed it Automatic Apple Podcasts Submission : submit your show to Apple Podcasts in one click. PAID (Programmatic Ads Inserted Dynamically) : monetize your podcast globally with no outreach, no setup headaches: just revenue on autopilot. IAB Certified Analytics : your audience metrics meet the highest industry standards, giving you trusted data to grow and monetize your show.
